5.0.2.3 Replication quorum improvements (#37)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-helm: charts/manticoresearch/CHANGELOG.md

### 5.0.23

> Added handling replication quorum issues. Now in case replication breacks via quorum exceeded, k8s probe will runs repair script which will fix cluster at zero node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added better handling of replication quorum issues. Now in case replication breaks due to no quorum, k8s probe will run a repair script which will fix the cluster at node 0.
```
